docs: clarify that preloads are sent as a `Link` header on dynamically rendered pages (#16309)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/30-advanced/20-hooks.md

- `transformPageChunk(opts: { html: string, done: boolean }): MaybePromise<string | undefined>` — applies custom transforms to HTML. If `done` is true, it's the final chunk. Chunks are not guaranteed to be well-formed HTML (they could include an element's opening tag but not its closing tag, for example) but they will always be split at sensible boundaries such as `%sveltekit.head%` or layout/page components.
- `filterSerializedResponseHeaders(name: string, value: string): boolean` — determines which headers should be included in serialized responses when a `load` function loads a resource with `fetch`. By default, none will be included.

> - `preload(input: { type: 'js' | 'css' | 'font' | 'asset', path: string }): boolean` — determines which files should be preloaded. When a page is rendered dynamically, files are preloaded via the [`Link` response header](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Link); prerendered pages get `<link>` tags in their `<head>` instead. The method is called with each file that was found at build time while constructing the code chunks — so if you for example have `import './styles.css` in your `+page.svelte`, `preload` will be called with the resolved path to that CSS file when visiting that page. Note that in dev mode `preload` is _not_ called, since it depends on analysis that happens at build time. Preloading can improve performance by downloading assets sooner, but it can also hurt if too much is downloaded unnecessarily. By default, `js` and `css` files will be preloaded. `asset` files are not preloaded at all currently, but we may add this later after evaluating feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `preload(input: { type: 'js' | 'css' | 'font' | 'asset', path: string }): boolean` — determines which files should be preloaded. When a page is rendered dynamically, files are preloaded via the [`Link` response header](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Link); prerendered pages have `<link>` tags added to the `<head>` tag instead. The method is called with each file that was found at build time while constructing the code chunks — so if you for example have `import './styles.css` in your `+page.svelte`, `preload` will be called with the resolved path to that CSS file when visiting that page. Note that in dev mode `preload` is _not_ called, since it depends on analysis that happens at build time. Preloading can improve performance by downloading assets sooner, but it can also hurt if too much is downloaded unnecessarily. By default, `js` and `css` files will be preloaded. `asset` files are not preloaded at all currently, but we may add this later after evaluating feedback.
```
